Books are a uniquely portable magic.
No two persons ever read the same book.
Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light.
If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.
I would never read a book if it were possible for me to talk half an hour with the man who wrote it.
Reading gives us someplace to go when we have to stay where we are.
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book.
I think of life as a good book. The further you get into it, the more it begins to make sense.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
There are many little ways to enlarge your child's world. Love of books is the best of all.
Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
You can't buy happiness, but you can buy books and that's kind of the same thing.
The book you don't read won't help.
Great books help you understand, and they help you feel understood.
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author.
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read.
A book is a dream that you hold in your hand.
A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it or offer your own version in return.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.
A classic is a book that has never finished saying what it has to say.
The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame.
A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted at the end. You live several lives while reading.
When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
There are worse crimes than burning books. One of them is not reading them.
There are no faster or firmer friendships than those formed between people who love the same books.
Many a book is like a key to unknown chambers within the castle of one’s own self.
If you don’t like to read, you haven’t found the right book.
